Updates (#1)
tjw-lint/eslint-config-tjw-base: README.md

1. In your `.eslintrc.js` add `tjw-base` to your `extends` like so:
    ```js
    module.exports = {
      extends: [
        'tjw-base'
      ]
    };
    ```

> If you already have a `no-restricted-syntax` rule, you can merge in these with

Author: ```suggestion
If you already have a `no-restricted-syntax` rule, you can merge the ones that come with this config with your own, like so:
```

```js
// .eslintrc.js
const baseRestrictedSyntax = require('eslint-config-tjw-base/no-restricted-syntax.json');

module.exports = {
  extends: [
    'tjw-base'
  ],
  rules: {
    'no-restricted-syntax': [
      'error',
      ...baseRestrictedSyntax,
      // your custom rules

>     ],

Author: ```suggestion
    ]
```
